docs: clarify kubernetes.default.svc behavior on dual stack clusters (#55961)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/dual-stack-support.md

are set with default values. See [configure IPv4/IPv6 dual stack](/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack#configure-ipv4-ipv6-dual-stack).

{{< note >}}

> The `--apiserver-advertise-address` flag does not support dual-stack, hence you should configure your primary service subnet (e.g. the one specified first in the `networking.serviceSubnet` list in your kubeadm [configuration file](/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta4/)) with the same IP family in order for `kubernetes.default.svc.` service to work.

Reviewer: We refrain from the use of latin phrasing/acronyms per the Kubernetes style guide. 
```suggestion
The `--apiserver-advertise-address` flag does not support dual-stack, hence you should configure your primary service subnet (for example, the one specified first in the `networking.serviceSubnet` list in your kubeadm [configuration file](/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta4/)) with the same IP family in order for `kubernetes.default.svc.` service to work.
```

> The `--apiserver-advertise-address` flag does not support dual-stack, hence you should configure your primary service subnet (for example, the one specified first in the `networking.serviceSubnet` list in your kubeadm [configuration file](/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta4/)) with the same IP family in order for `kubernetes.default.svc.` service to work.

Reviewer 2: I think this text is a bit confusing. Let me give you some more context: the key here is indeed about the difference between primary and secondary IP families (more on [Cluster Networking IP families](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/#cluster-network-ipfamilies)).

Kubernetes has the notion of primary IP families and does not implement cross-IP-family traffic. Because of this, the requirement is that the API server advertise address must belong to the same family as the primary IP service range (which, in a dual-stack setup, is the first configured IP family).

Here is a suggestion to remove the redundant phrasing and make the networking requirement clearer for users:

```
The `--apiserver-advertise-address` flag does not support dual-stack. Because Kubernetes does not implement cross-IP-family traffic, your API server advertise address must belong to the same IP family as your primary service subnet (the first IP range specified in the `networking.serviceSubnet` list in your kubeadm [configuration file](/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta4/)). This is required for the `kubernetes.default.svc` service to work correctly.
```

> The `--apiserver-advertise-address` flag does not support dual-stack, hence you should configure your primary service subnet (for example, the one specified first in the `networking.serviceSubnet` list in your kubeadm [configuration file](/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta4/)) with the same IP family in order for `kubernetes.default.svc.` service to work.

Author: ```suggestion
The `--apiserver-advertise-address` flag does not support dual-stack. Because Kubernetes does not implement cross-IP-family traffic, your API server advertise address must belong to the same IP family as your primary service subnet (the first IP range specified in the `networking.serviceSubnet` list in your kubeadm [configuration file](/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta4/)). This is required for the `kubernetes.default.svc` service to work correctly.
```

> The `--apiserver-advertise-address` flag does not support dual-stack. Because Kubernetes does not implement cross-IP-family traffic, your API server advertise address must belong to the same IP family as your primary service subnet (the first IP range specified in the `networking.serviceSubnet` list in your kubeadm [configuration file](/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta4/)). This is required for the `kubernetes.default.svc` service to work correctly.

Reviewer: WDYT? 
```suggestion
The `--apiserver-advertise-address` flag does not support dual-stack. The API server advertise address must use the same IP family as the primary service subnet, which is the first IP range in the `networking.serviceSubnet` list in your kubeadm configuration file. Kubernetes clusters do not support routing service traffic across IP families, so the `kubernetes.default.svc` service only works correctly when the advertise address and the primary service subnet use the same IP family.
```
